Bain:
Ready? Let's go inside, look around, find a way into the vault, then secure the money. Simple, but not so easy job. [?]
Ok now, let's go crew, make me happy. [?]
---
-1st plan - Insider info.-
---
Bain:
Alrighty guys, our insider telling about vault opening schedule, phone numbers etc. But we are late, next one is soon but not this day. They have TSU, to store goods in and out and not touch vault door every time. Make a vault team assasination is also not an option, some customers from hall or staff from office might see it, or else get concerned why the hell they're out so long. You know what, we will make an unscheduled donation to them. Fake of course, so we're here exactly today. He also marked keybox for the vault and left keycard in security room, nice guy.
Today we have the right man in needed place, insider brought to us schedule of vault handling and other useful info. Also he left a keycard in security room, and you will like that, marked keybox place. Good job. To say shortly, they have Temp Storage Unit, should be almost full already, and by that we arrived exactly today, they should believe in our legend. We gonna impersonate a company which want to place a deposit fast, and after we'll call GenSec to inform. Funny if they anyway not gonna realize that there is no deposit and company until...
You need to find finance manager's office, it's to the right from main hall. Tie him down if we will met him there, he also has little door opening present. After that we will make a phone call. Careful, there is might be a camera. [First we need go to reception being in casing mode, marker shows up when Bain finishing this line. Next we telling scripted scene and receptionist pointing way to manager's office. Need to think about she can remember our faces. And that's not good.]
Go behind the main hall, step into manager's office on right side and patch me to his phone. We will trick GenSec today. Just look on news paper tomorrow: "Heisters gang literally said about bank robbery and did it quietly".
Enter their manager's office, connect me to his phone and I'll solve this. If he's there, tie him down and borrow his keycard, huh.
Now, I'll do the magic...
And then, pick up the phone, miss...
You will not even see this masks inside the vault...
-
It worked, now just open the vault "on schedule", but keycards must be stolen anyway. Or you have them already? Also you need door codes, they are in a folder somewhere in manager's office, maybe supervisor have it.
She is sure, we really will put money into THIS vault. Find two keycards and start the time lock. Don't be late. And get also vault door codes in head offices. Should be safe or some spot, where it stored. You may start right here.
If bank personnel even knew about this deposit injection... Use keycards on timelock and wait. Don't have it yet? Hurry up and get them! Don't forget about papers with door codes, it should be in office of director, or right here in manager's room.
---
CALL FROM US
Operator: GenSec security control, this is Margaret, what you need? / Hello, GenSec security control, Margaret speaking. / GenSec security control, this is Janett, what happened?
Bain: Hello, this is Mike, Capitol Savings Bank. Garrington blvd 10-86. We have a big customer here. He wanna push a deposit in our branch right now. Got a recommendation... and don't want to wait for scheduled time. Also our TSU is almost full today, not gonna fit. / Hello, this is Mike, Capitol Savings Bank. Garrington blvd 10-86. We have a company agent here. He want to place a deposit in our branch today. Got a recommendation about us... a-and don't want to wait a schedule. Additionally we don't have enough space in TSU for now. So, we informing you about.
Operator: O-k, I need some data from him: company name, agent name, cash donation amount, also plan and deposit time.
Bain: Sure, [companyname], mr. A.Dannet, injecting $140000. Standard+ on 1,5 year. / That's the [companyname], mr. J.Fenderman, cash is $155000. Premium plan on 2 years.
Operator: Got it,... resheduled vault opening at... 11:40AM, have a nice day. / Right,... vault can be opened for loading up... at 2:15PM by new schedule. / So... you can open the vault for his money and rest at 9:50AM, good day to you, sir.
Bain: Understood, bye. / Yes, good shift to you too. / Ok, bye.
---


-2nd plan - VCS hack-
---
Bain:
So, our informer said he seen there a timelock, seems to be synchronized action for door opening, but maybe they have manual door handling. Check the server room and connect me to their system, I gonna take a look... And yes, to be extra safe don't touch keycard panels for now.
Yes, no reasons to rush, but our job is waiting. Patch me to server guys.
If you ready, go to server room and do the job, so I can do the job. 
Stop wasting time, are you not want to take this money?
What happened? Can't find the server room? Signs everywhere in this branch, just look at them.
We cannot just open the door without disabling the time lock, will be suspicious, head to server room if not busy with something else.
Guys, the server room, go get into it.
Ok guys, wait a second...
Connecting now,.. that's...
Something is wrong, no access. Of course... guys, you need to patch me to one of their terminals instead, or better manager's computer.
A firewall, what I've expected? Huh, find a local computer and let me into their net this way. High staff PC will be fine, go to manager. [...go to manager first. - Maybe do wahat we have in Bib bank and Car shop? Small amount of computers in manager's, director's and office sections. Need to tweak, manager and office is high priority, director is risky, better skip. Link same phrases about wrong access. Exclude code relation. Or I'll write phrases later. That's also for later stage of development]
Nice thing, it blocked me. Internet is scary thing, huh. Use internal access, through staff computers. I'll bypass this one. Use manager's one.
It surely will be staff terminals, or better head PC's. Find a manager's computer. He is chief for money operations here and have access to vault control system.
You need to find one of terminals with opened session to VCS, best way is their finance manager's computer. Careful, there is probably a camera.
Don't forget about managers PC, I need access.
What again? I'm waiting...
Little package installed, now i can use WAN to take a step into their system.
Small present is here, now get back to server room and patch me again.
I'm connecting again,.. this time is better... Done, now hacking into VCS, wait somewhere until I finish this.
Yes, you will pass me now... I'm here, guys, started hacking in their system, will take few minutes.
It's done now. Hmm, time lock, opening detector and no automated gear. Really it needs to be opened manually with codes, but there is no codes in their system. Find them, must be somewhere in head offices, manager's, maybe director's...
Hack is complete. There is time lock protection and opening detector, but nothing about automatic handling. I've set fake time lock test procedure. Nice trick, expecting nice and smooth override,.. or not so. Use two keycards and then you will need codes for those three handles to open the door. Find it somewhere in there.
I'm done, now you need to place keycards and wait for it. They don't use automatic opening after time lock. Not found any clues of door codes in their database, it should physically exist in a folder or something there, go find it.
-combined lines for codes and looting-
Ow, the keybox, good find. Never like to drill again, take it.
Keys in the box? Hooray, we not gonna waste time now on internal gate, take this into the vault.
Not find the codes yet? Look in desks, shelves; maybe a safe contains it.
You cannot open the vault door silently without codes, if you have so much time, you can even lockpick it,.. But actually nope. I'm sure only codes will help to do it nice and easy. Find them!
That's the codes, now go to vault and open it. 
You're found it, confidential papers is not confidential anymore, use the codes on vault door.
Vault door is ready now, no time to waste, open it and go inside.
Unlocked? Now roll that handle and go in.
Check also the deposit boxes. [vanilla]
Don't forget about deposit boxes folks. [vanilla]
What's that? Uhm, special storage unit? Right, put a drill on it. We can loot everything and this gate will not stop us.
It's something interesting, additional cell for some things. Better loot all we can, use keys or drill to open that door.
Now we can leave, or you can stay for more. [vanilla]
Money, sweet money, loaded and ready to go home. You can also escape, or if feeling lucky, take more loot.
---
LOUD FROM START (Can be triggered before VCS hack, when Bain gets all info)
-right from start before even locating server room-
Are you professionals? Alarms is not in our plans. Ugh, okay, take the thermal drill and place on the vault door. Then connect me to their system in server room. Don't forget to activate time lock, find two keycards for it. Also defend the server room while I working. I need to check, what they have for vault control and other things...
Loud way is best way, to be crushed. I hope you can withstand that. Now, put that thermal drill on vault door, then two keycards into time lock panels! And patch me to their servers, might be some surprises there, i need to check. Don't forget about electric switches, maybe vault and server is always powered, but PC's are not so safe. [different switches for main hall and staff area]
What have you done? We don't even know yet what exactly we facing in this branch, but cops already on the way. Ok, you must connect me to they servers in IT room, then activate those timelock with two keycards. Don't forget about thermal drill, Twitch already bailing, but has dropped it to you.
-after finding server room-
That's the alarm guys, patch me to this thing and grab the thermal drill for the door, Twitch leave it before bailing as usual, keycards also must be placed in panels. I will work here, cover the server room.
Not again, connect me to server on admin's PC and i will check what is what here. Your task now is pick up the thermal drill, install it to the vault door and get keycards for time lock system. Use them if already have.
-after initial server hack-
Damn, what's happened, did you leave a hostage for everyone to see? Go to your van, and get the thermal drill for the door, Twitch dropped it now. Then activate timelock and start drilling. And don't forget about manager's PC.
Are that sirens in the distance? Pick up the thermal drill which is in the van, put it on the vault door and use keycards on timelock panels. Maybe you're already have them. Someone check manager's PC, i need access.
-after terminal hack-
Alarm tripped? Hurry up back to server room, we need to continue fast! Then place thermal drill on vault's door and use keycards.
What's that? Your fault? Ok, go back to server room and patch me trough, we continuing anyway. Then place thermal drill on vault's door and use keycards.
-after vcs hack-(Bain knows details)
Damn, that's the alarm. Twitch will leave now as usual, but he have a thermal drill for you. I seen something suspicious, and yes, code drums are locked now... Shit, there is also locking pins sealing armed,.. oh look, i can hack it,.. Ugh, but you need to connect me again, it kicked me. Unfortunately drums sealing hack will take much more time, better drill it up.
Alarm sounds? What have you done so stupid? Right, go loud then, Twitch dropped your thermal drill, install it on the door. Since they have locking system active, you need to be ugly with this, just drill it through. Oh shit, also pins magnetic sealing in action,.. and I'm disconnected. Tough little nut, drilling each of them is really nightmare. But don't worry, I can hack sealing and unlock door pins to you, but please connect me back.
-additional after VCS hack finish-
Yes, that's free now, waiting for finish the thermal drill. Otherwise door is ready, open up.
That thing is beaten, locking pins are free. If drill is done, you can open the door.
Finished, if drill is also done, roll the handle and open this door. [1 second action on handle, 12 seconds action on drums before that if we 'entering' codes from folder]
---
INCOMING CALL
Operator: Hello, this is Janett from GenSec, we detected an unscheduled vault time lock activation. Is everything fine there? / Good day, Janett speaking, from GenSec. We have unscheduled time lock activation in your branch. What happened there? [may use stock phrases]
Bain: [1] Hello, Mike speaking,.. uugh, there is some malfunction at time lock system... Our worker stumbled near the vault door, dropped a crate on keycard panel and broke it. It triggered activation sequence somehow, we already working on it, all fine now. / [2] Yes, that's Johnatan, security service, we have vault control system problem here. A timelock test, as I heard from IT guy, but somehow it was sent to you as normal launch. He said it will be fixed soon. Sorry for bothering you.
Operator: [1] Uhuh, yes... But just tell him he will be fired instantly for such inaccuracy next time. / [1] Oooh... Right, but I'll send you someone, just to be sure... / [1] Fine, that clumsy chop,.. i will send our guys to check, be ready. / [2] Uhuh,.. I got it, just be more provident with this. / [2] Ok, tell him that his possible fault can leave a bad mark on your reputation. [2][additional inspection team arrival, no costuming this time =)] Hmm, that's an interesting thing. I'll send you a team to be sure.
---
[(GenSec crew pagers will not be triggered, if we kill guards right before vehicle exit moment, yeah, drop detector calls operator. In that moment 2nd one also can't push the button, he opening door too. But that might be spotted by someone :) ) ??? Can it even be implemented? SA exists, but we DO NOT need this globally, only for 2 red guards from GenSec, and only in 2 seconds while they stopped and started to exit the vehicle]
>All down the line --- is for [1] only, when this variant picked + operator said about additional guards. We will use casing mode when walking to GenSec team and back, switches same with fake guard's skin (with viewport fade-off and back on for all active players). If team sent on scenario [2] - loud only, they gonna blow our cover anyway - admin tied down/can't confirm the legend. Triggering when GenSec guys reaching the vault (testing not requires keycards inserted).
Bain:
GenSec car is approaching, give them a warm welcome. Or try to sneak around, they will check the situation, if all will be clear they will leave safely. Someone of you need to be dressed as security guy and will confirm the story, just make sure the one keycard panel is "broken" for them. And don't forget to tell about upcoming panels replacing procedure, cards already placed for it, to temporarily set and hang closed state from VCS, link still established. Others - go hide in security room, after this you _all_ will be in your suits again./ There is GenSec car moving to you, be ready. Also you can make them fools. Sneak somewhere and wait until it done, someone must drop mask and hide weapons in security room, wear security uniform and meet them, camera operator is already down, yes? Maybe his suit will make the trick. Just watch it from the cameras then. The chosen one of you will confirm this story, show them a "broken" keycard panel. Tell also that cards are in places to temporarily lock vault door in VCS, panels will be replaced soon. After they will leave, go back to security room and dress up again.
[We will use one of bags/SPOT near dresser to switch into guard's uniform in security room, meet GenSec mens, show things and tell about situation, let it leave, get back into security room and dress again as heister on same spot. One keycard panel should be turned a bit on the wall with keycard, by small trigger with 5 sec activation. Or switch state and inserted card to new model with card too, hide original - show new one. Or just need to be complete small interaction near a panel (same 5 seconds), as requirement to continue safely...  Will not be too complicated? Will it work? Since I planned 5/6 guards (mission diff: lvl 4 or less/lvl 5-7) PROBABLY BETTER TO USE 4/5; 2(or 1) of them always in 1st and 2nd hall and can be left at duty, 1 cameraman and others walking everywhere, mostly staff office and corridor-storage area. But straight way with killing GenSec guards will 100% exceed pagers limit. Yeh, see below about dressing way, like in PDTH Mercy hospital]
---
GENSEC GUARDS NEGOTIATION
GSG: Hi guys, what happened here? And.. callsign please. / Hello, what's your name? I heard you have an issue here? / Good day, sir. Got a problem with vault systems? Please your identity and explain more.
Player: Hello, my name is Steve, 3-1. Today we unloaded some crates in office supply room, our worker has drop upper pallet near the vault door, it fallen right on one of those panels and broke something inside. We currently started replacing procedure, keycards inserted, link still established, IT locking the vault door via VCS tools, until panels will be replaced. Some wiring crossing maybe, it started timelock activation and alerted you. That panel will be sent to examination. All fine, don't worry. / Hi, i'm Steve, 3-1. Yes, an accident here. Today our worker unloaded some boxes in supply room, vault door is nearby. And suddenly this clumsy guy has fallen and dropped a pallet right on one of those panels. It gets offended and somehow activated, huh. Don't look at keycards inserted, replacing procedure for panels already has begun, IT staff setting door timelocking directly from VCS, will stay like that for now, gonna restore after finishing up all of this. Strange thing, but surely for you it looked like timelock activation, yes?  
GSG: (1) Hmm, you've good timing here,.. fine, i hope that guy already explaining this for director? / (2) Ok, nothing more has broke? It surely can be like that? Something unbelievable, no? / (3) It _really_ can work like that? I hope nothing more supernatural will happened today. Looks weird you know.
Player: (1) Sure, do you heard that? This guy might loose something from salary today. Thanks for vigilance. Expecting finishing all of this in less than half-hour, happily nothing more is broken now. / (2,3) Well, not really... Actually, that's the only problem here. No idea, what way he done it with panel, but surprisingly it gone off. Just a magician... Might be short circuit on control lines or some broken PCB chips inside. We will change this thing soon and reset system as it should be. Sometimes things you think is weird just becomes real, pure statictics. But as you can see, all quiet and calm again, just working sounds from office and hall nearby. We already said hardly to this worker he is reckless enough, and it may cost him his funds. Yes, for this situation: we will check what we can do in future to prevent such weird triggering.
GSG: Right right, I see you're good, we departing then, bye. / Fine, I see all good here, restore panels and launch system again. Ok, we leaving now.
Player: Good trip. / Bye.
GSG[while they leaving]: Reporting GS-138 to dispatch, all clear, we confirming that accident. Over.
--- [Oh, i forgot about GenSec car custom anims, which way they will leave if only arriving animation is presented? Need to make also new ones (No wait, we staying in security room and fake guard need to go back, GenSec car will just despawn then, but if someone will stay longer he will see it. Casing mechanic will work as usual, you looks like local guard, but you NOT the guard, staff will recognize it at close look. For GenSec team badge photo has good enough size/quality ratio and we not going to show it to them directly. GenSec car might be moved out via MoveUnit element, but definately will look weird anyway). Also i want to make closeable doors (will not disable AI navlinks at affected SO points, but will trigger open/close states when passing through, if AI decided to use way trough the door and those points, need lower chances of that. We already have that script in Capitol Art Gallery, but it's for lasers, short stops also required, doors _actually_ uses few seconds to be opened or closed). At least in security room where we hiding, may be done via custom actions, like use small area "press F to close door", then same for open door, area then must be in new spot near the handle. It will change states (not fancy enough as smooth moving animation, but we don't have another one for closing), works only after keycard inserted or door lockpicked.]
--- [Mercy hospital has dressing as someone script, we gonna use it. So, Chains, only you looks like a guard, you will literally BE the guard (Only for real player, also we need set to casing mode only him. DO NOT place thermal drill until GenSec will call us to check, 75% chance of that on 15-40 seconds after launching timelock, you may deploy it when operator is satisfied and not going to send inspection team, or loud only :P ), model swap (preferred) or something like Legendary skins, but guard's uniform not exists, need to create model+textures... We need all 4 players in marked zone(bots will follow into security room, but not have requirement to be exactly in marked square, not remember how it precisely works in PDTH and flashback heist here. Actually we can call it to yourself, but will they stand right in required zone as result?), but only one of them will swap model, all the same for back dressing (If someone is going AFK after dressing up for meeting the guards - must stay at same area). If fake guard is not on marked area before guards = alarm from them after they arrived to position. Negotiation sequence with connected audiolines must be auto-started, when they're also in marked place.]
Bain: Woooh! You did that nice and stylish. They think it is just an accident, but not a professional robbery. But people make mistakes... Back to work. / Fantastic, they're sure it is really an issue with auxiliary personnel. Now get back to work.
---
PAGERS
-lines for GenSec team pagers-
Player: I just stepped on the ground while leaving the car, but slided down and fallen. That broken sidewalk edging, u-uhg. / Yeah yeah, all fine, that's me. My teammate has fallen as we arrives but just being stumbled. Nothing serious. [If we missed before-exiting-moment, triggering because doublekill. -- Next lines for free killing (if one guard walked trough the door and 2nd killed out of sight)]/ Nothing actually,.. ah yes, I touched the call button on pager by doorframe, gonna turn it the other way. / What? Nooo no no, that's an accident. When I leaving the car, suddenly hit upper frame by shoulder and pressed the button. / Ahh, that's my faulty pager button. Now really time to repair. As soon as I will get back to facility. Sorry for that.
-common pagers-
[vanilla]
ADDITIONAL
-Conversations in lobby-
Player: Hello, we would like to talk about corporative deposit injection with a manager.
Receptionist: Good day sir, what's your name, please. And which company are you representing?
Player: [Companyname], I'm mr.[F.Jenkins/A.Garrison/S.Brown]. That's my colleagues. Mr.Carver, Candolle and Saunders/Mr.Cabberone, Parker and Growell.
Receptionist: Wait a minute...[small action, she writes it into journal]
Receptionist: Please proceed this way sir. To the main hall, then twice to the right, 'manager' sign above. He should be there.
Player: Thanks ma'am.
-When no keycards left for doors-[Triggered when ready to use timelock safely but no actions in 20 seconds and players have not enough keycards in inventory]
Bain: Wait, what? You wasted all keycards to doors and none left for the vault door!? Damn, you making me sad, go back to safehouse, we need to talk SERIOUSLY! You have lucky day if some more of them is in safes, shelves, pockets etc. 
Bain: Wait a second, I have something suitable for that. Wait for Twitch, I'll send a preset to you in his van. Hacking devises which will scan and decode links on keypads destinated to VCS. That way we can activate timelock with less than 2 keycards, place on each empty one and on security handling server. Delivery will take some time. Don't do more stupid things, that's all.